Idea: The Golden Python Consultant

Project Research:

Prediction Model Guide - https://towardsdatascience.com/step-by-step-guide-building-a-prediction-model-in-python-ac441e8b9e8b
-This source will help on being the core parts that will be the ground of where I will build my project on.

Stock Market Prediction Article - https://towardsdatascience.com/predicting-future-stock-market-trends-with-python-machine-learning-2bf3f1633b3c
-This source will be an example of predicting stock market prices, but I will create a better version of predicting other 
prices/variables in the market and then it will display the results and give advice to the clients like an consultant.

COVID Daily infection Prediction Model - https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2352340920310696
-This source will be an example of how data can be used to predict certain outcomes(like the daily infections of the COVID virus) and be visualized for usage

Articles on predictions - https://www.the-scientist.com/tag/prediction
-This source of articles will be an example of showing how important and high the demand for analyzing data for the future is in society

Articles on predictions 2 - https://theconversation.com/global/topics/predictions-5652
-This source shows articles on how important analyzing data for the future is in society on a more phillosophical term

Analysis on prices of Gold - https://goldsilver.com/blog/gold-price-forecast-predictions/
-This source shows an analysis of the prices of gold and this might be the topic of prediction for my project with the python consultant 
analyzing and giving advice on the prices of gold.

Origin of Idea - Ironman : JARVIS (Just A Rather Very Intelligent System)
https://marvel-movies.fandom.com/wiki/Just_A_Rather_Very_Intelligent_System
-This source was the original idea that gave me inspiration of creating the project. As I thought it would be convenient to have an consultant like JARVIS, 
I used this as a motive to create the Python Consultant. I might not be able to create a project that is even similar to JARVIS, but I would hope to create 
a project that will help me on analyzing data and give me advice like an consultant for my choices.

Initial Project Summary/Abstract:

For the project, I will be creating a Python program that will work like a consultant(like JARVIS from Ironman) that will advise users(clients) after analyzing data from the web. 
The data I will extract for this program will be based on gold data with gold prices, but depending on how flexible my program becomes, I am open to extract data from different topics on the web.
For example, if I was curious about whether or not to buy gold right now, the program will extract data of gold prices for a certain amount of time from the web and store it as an Excel CSV file.
Then it will further clean and sort the data that I need to use for my data analysis on gold prices. After sorting out the data that I need, it will visualize the trend of gold prices with tables and bar graphs. 
After the data is visualized, the program will further compare and contrast the data to provide advice as a consultant whether or not to buy gold right now.
As for comparing and contrasting, I am thinking of creating a rule of comparing gold prices and if there is a benefit of a certain percentage (ex) 10% benefit), then the program will conclude on whether or not I should buy gold right now.

To further build on the program and make it work as an actual consultant, I could also extract the top 5 news articles from the web. As the price of gold is also influenced by international issues(ex) COVID, Wars, economic crisis), this would further give more insight to the user on creating decisions that are advised by the Golden Python Consultant. The final output from the Golden Python Consultant as of now, will include: the conclusion of whether or not if the client should buy gold, visulized data of tables and graphs on the trend of gold prices, and finally the top 5 news articles that will advise the client as an consultant.
